# Sreview documentation

Welcome to Sreview, a video review and transcoding system.

## Reviewing

If you received an email stating that your talk is ready for review, but
when you followed the link and it showed that it was *not* ready for
review, then do not despair! It probably just means that someone else
did some review already. You'll notice that there have been a few people
in Cc on the initial notification email. Additionally, people with
administration logon credentials may review any talk, even if they
didn't get the notification email.

If you review the recording, and all is well, just select the option
labeled "This preview looks OK, please transcode it at high quality and
release it" in the webform and submit it. Everything else will now
happen automatically. You're done!

If you see a problem, and it's something that one of the options in the
"Common fixes" section of the webform could take care of, then first
select the "This preview has some issues" radio button. Then, modify the
relevant options in that second of the webform, and submit it again.
Your talk will now be re-cut; once that has finished, you'll get another
notification email. You can check the new cut, make any more changes as
needed, and re-submit the talk. Rinse, repeat, until all is well. Then
select the "This preview looks OK" option, and submit the form. You're
done!

If you see a problem that can *not* be fixed by any of the options in
the "Common fixes" section, then you can select the "This preview has
the following issues not covered by the above" option in the webform,
and explain what's wrong with it in the textarea below that. Once you've
submitted the form, your talk will now be placed in the "broken" state.
If you change your mind, you can always choose the 'Do not make changes,
do not notify video team; set the state back to "preview"' option. You
can then go back to reviewing, as usual.

Alternatively, you can probably also talk to the maintainers of your
Sreview instance, if they told you how to contact them in the
notification email.

Thanks for reviewing!

## Further documentation

To be written (sorry)
